It's okay, is this all about work?
No job is as important as the safety of employees.
There can't be a next time.
Remember what's wrong with you?
I heard the wind chime telling you to go to the hospital, and I was worried.
What does it have to do with the snow and this woman?
Not my grandfather.
I accidentally fell.
Try to get me here.
Get out, where did you fall?
It's okay, I'll take two days off.
General Manager Gu thank you
It's okay here.
I can go outside and talk.
Are you busy first?
Okay.
Let Fengte stay and give my fiancee the spirit house.
Yes, Mr. President.
I'll wait for you outside.
You, one day, will not let me worry.
Oh, wasn't this an accident?
You worry me so much.
If you don't quit your job, you don't have a lot of monthly salary, I'll give it to you.
You want to raise me?
Didn't I tell you?
who grows who feeds who
Treat me so well today, I feed you.
It's not that I can't remember.
Isn't that a joke?
I still prefer to make my own money.
It's so exhausting to go to work, I can't bear to let my girlfriend suffer this.
Yes, but I feel safer.
You're him.
I think if I marry a good man, he will be good to me.
It's enough for me to eat and dress without worrying.
Yeon-yeon is adorable
I believe the rest of my life will be good for me.
The Snow Department has something to say or not.